hey you guys welcome back to Comerica
channel so this video is going to be a
meal idea but this is what we consider
to be a date night meal everything i'm
going to show you guys is optional you
can change it up however you want but um
this is so simple I was hesitant to even
film it but I was one of those people
you guys before I started this journey
that could not cook rice okay it just it
just wasn't working for me so um yeah
but anyway it's nothing I think the best
thing is when a woman meets the god
she's really trying to get to know him
and instead of going out for dinner she
cooks for him I just think that is
awesome and I'm sure the fellas think
it's awesome as well and on the other
side with the guys it's nothing more
sexier than a guy that can cook and
present food properly oh my god it's so
instant panty dropper like I'm walking
into the door smelling the food coming
about the pennies I'm just saying so
let's go ahead and get started you guys
we're going to be doing brown rice which
I have here I'm going to have all the
calories and carbs and everything in the
description box and I must say you guys
I know a lot of us as I am it's on a low
carb diet but guys you have to take in
carp you just have to find your balance
but you have to take in carbs because
your body needs them so we have our
brown rice here and I have I measured it
half a cup of brown rice with two cups
of water our one rice is about 75% of
the way
I'm going to go ahead and get my meat on
and the only thing that I'm seasoning
with is Tony that's it you have to undo
some type of oil i find i find that it
just makes the chicken a little bit more
crispy on the outside so the oil that
i'm going to use is coconut oil it has
120 calories and zero carbs but it's up
to you if you just want to spray some in
there you might not get the same exact
texture but it would work I'm just I'm
not even going to put in a whole
teaspoon you guys I'm going to put in
like that much it's kind of spread it
around but it's not even a whole
tablespoon I'm sorry okay now i'm going
to go ahead and add my chicken
and I'm going to season the other side
the reason i do that you guys like
nothing's going to wonder if it's tough
when I flip it when it's ending on
plates a lot of the season comes out to
the plays get into the water that comes
off and um I find that I overseas in it
because I feel like so that you can come
off site for receiving so that's the
reason why I Stephen on the other side
when I think can I love my onions I'm so
I'm going to take this much pain and i'm
just going to put it up on tonight
I'm just going to let that cook
okay you guys I had to film this in two
different videos I kind of messed up the
first video so I'm just kind of
refinished for the most part the in part
so you guys will see like these are some
part of the video that you won't see you
know blah blah so anyway I'm have to
miss two videos together but anyway and
so I'm taking my meat off now of course
my life is nothing and I love onion you
guys so I'm gonna put my onions on top
of my meat I just love and I love
Bartley and is that weird or wet so
we're going to go ahead at this point in
to our broccoli we're going to do
broccoli on top of our meat so you guys
at this point I am just steaming or
grilling the broccoli brother and you
just want to taste your broccoli to you
know to make sure it's not well once
you're done I just put a little bit of
pepper in here of course you can solve
everything one but i also put a little
bit of salt in the right as well as
seasoned as one of me so I don't want to
put any thought into broccoli first I'm
going to ask you please to the broccoli
as well so that should make up for you
know the salt that I'm not putting in it
also there's a couple of different
things you can do with this and I i
personally don't have any whole milk I
don't really drink whole milk anymore
but I'm going to put a cheese sauce in
the description box that's really really
good i used to make it a while ago and
something else that you can do you guys
you can do like on you know like the one
is it be a fire sauce I think that's
what I'm thinking of
I get you a tablespoon or even two
tablespoons and mix it with the broccoli
you can do that as well so you have two
different options if you're lazy like me
and you ever you know takes on the door
and made and put it together that's an
option you can make your cheese sauce
homemade which is um which is pretty
cool as well or if you just you know
dump a little bit of cheese on it so
when you're on your date and they like
all this cheese sauce is delicious where
did it come from you could be like I
made it home eight whoo kill ok you guys
tom sorry I added a little bit of water
right before I add my cheese because I
don't want my cheese to stick to the pan
so this is a one-fourth cup and I'm not
going to use all of it at home probably
on use half of it but I just put one for
something
and half of it is one faith
okay so that's done you guys and it
looks so fancy and it's nothing but
Brock lynching oh so silly so you guys
this is it and I mean to me I might just
have not been submitted fancy restaurant
that might be the case but this just
look the presentation of it is just so
neat but you can have you know rice
chicken broccoli and cheese in a
casserole witches yeah we're just fine
but i think you know it's all about
presentation and if you present this and
you're on a date it's just awesome okay
so i hope this video was beneficial to
you guys thanks so very much for coming
back to come on cuz sure i will feel
like a step-over and how we'll see you
guys later love you love peace